src/content/pages/getting-started/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting started
menuTitle: Installation
urlPath: /
slug: getting-started
weight: 0
---

## 1. Stylable

Shelley uses [Stylable](https://stylable.io) as its styling solution, so we need to set that up.

Stylable is a CSS preprocessor developed by Wix Engineering and helps power 50 million user websites within Wix.

If you don't know much about Stylable we suggest that you get familar with the [stylable documentation](https://stylable.io/docs/getting-started/intro).

### Configure

When it comes configuring Stylable with your project you have some options:

- [Create Stylable App](/getting-started/create-stylable-app) - Simple templates for webpack and rollup provided by Wix.
- [NextJS](/getting-started/next-js)
- [Webpack](https://stylable.io/docs/getting-started/webpack-integration)
- [Typescript](https://stylable.io/docs/getting-started/typescript-integration)

### Tooling

Install the [stylable-intelligence VSCode extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wix.stylable-intelligence) which supports code completions, diagnostics, go to definitions, syntax highlighting and more. It's a must have for working with Stylable.

Read our guide to [Working with Stylable](/getting-started/working-with-stylable).

## 2. Shelley

Shelley is built on top of the Adobe aria hooks and as such it would be worthwhile to see what is available in this library as it is used internally and thus available.

### Install

To use Shelley one must first install Shelley.

```
npm i @actionishope/shelley
```

### Styling

Shelley can be used numerious ways depending on your needs and desires.

Check out the styling section on how to set up the styles and themes.

Commit message:

Switch the pages nav to be a grouped category nav to match the component nav. Update some more sample content.

src/content/pages/getting-started/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting started
menuTitle: Installation
urlPath: /
slug: getting-started
weight: -5
---

[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/action-is-hope/shelley/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/action-is-hope/shelley)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/action-is-hope/shelley/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/action-is-hope/shelley)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/action-is-hope/shelley/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=xxxx)](https://codecov.io/gh/action-is-hope/shelley)

## 1. Stylable

Shelley uses [Stylable](https://stylable.io) as its styling solution, so we need to set that up.

Stylable is a CSS preprocessor developed by Wix Engineering and helps power 50 million user websites within Wix.

If you don't know much about Stylable (no problem) we suggest that you get familar with the [Stylable docs](https://stylable.io/docs/getting-started/intro) to get a feel for it.

### Configure

As indicated in the Stylable docs there two main ways of starting with Stylable, boilerplates and manual config.

**Boilerplates:**

- [Create Stylable App](/getting-started/create-stylable-app) - webpack and rollup templates provided by Wix.

**Manual:**

- [NextJS](/getting-started/next-js)
- [Webpack](https://stylable.io/docs/getting-started/webpack-integration)

## 2. Shelley

### Install

When our project is 'up and ready' with Stylable we can go ahead and install Shelley.

```
npm i @actionishope/shelley
```

### Styling

Shelley can be used numerious ways depending on your needs and desires.

Check out the styling section on how to set up the styles and themes.
