src/content/pages/getting-started/nextjs.mdx, before:

---
title: NextJS
urlPath: getting-started
slug: next-js
weight: -1
---

There are a few steps you need to follow to integrate Stylable into your NextJS project.

## Install

Install the stylable webpack plugin as a `devDependency`.

```
npm i @stylable/webpack-plugin --save-dev
```

## Config

1. Create a `next.config.js` file.
2. Exclude other CSS loaders from loading Stylable (`*.st.css`) files.
3. Add the Stylable plugin to the webpack configuration.

### App Directory

Example of App directory config:

```js
// Import necessary modules from the stylable webpack plugin

import {
  StylableWebpackPlugin,
  applyWebpackConfigStylableExcludes,
} from "@stylable/webpack-plugin";
import { StylableOptimizer } from "@stylable/optimizer";

// Initialize a single StylableOptimizer instance
const stylableOptimizer = new StylableOptimizer();

// Next.js configuration with TypeScript support for webpack function
const nextConfig = {
  reactStrictMode: true,
  swcMinify: true,
  transpilePackages: ["@actionishope/shelley"],
  webpack: (config, { isServer }) => {
    // Apply stylable configuration exclusions
    applyWebpackConfigStylableExcludes(config);
    // Add the Stylable plugin to the webpack configuration
    config.plugins.push(
      new StylableWebpackPlugin({
        stcConfig: true,

        // Let Next.js handle assets
        filterAssets: () => false,

        // Output CSS location
        filename: "static/css/stylable.[contenthash].css",

        // Use shared optimizer instance
        optimizer: stylableOptimizer,

        // Serve CSS as a bundled asset
        cssInjection: "css",

        // Attach CSS to all chunks
        experimentalAttachCssToContainingChunks: true,

        // Mute specific diagnostics
        unsafeMuteDiagnostics: { DUPLICATE_MODULE_NAMESPACE: true },
      })
    );

    // Add any additional plugins, like VeliteWebpackPlugin if needed
    // config.plugins.push();

    return config;
  },
};

// Export the configuration using ESM syntax
export default nextConfig;
```

Commit message:

Switch the pages nav to be a grouped category nav to match the component nav. Update some more sample content.

src/content/pages/getting-started/nextjs.mdx, after:

---
title: NextJS
urlPath: getting-started
category: Frameworks
slug: next-js
weight: -1
---

There are a few steps you need to follow to integrate Stylable into your NextJS project.

## Install

Install the stylable webpack plugin as a `devDependency`.

```
npm i @stylable/webpack-plugin --save-dev
```

## Typescript

We generally assume that you will be using Typescript with Shelley and Stylable and suggest you check out [Stylable's Typescript Integration docs](https://stylable.io/docs/getting-started/typescript-integration).

## Config

1. Create a `next.config.js` file.
2. Exclude other CSS loaders from loading Stylable (`*.st.css`) files.
3. Add the Stylable plugin to the webpack configuration.

### App Directory

Example of App directory config:

```js
// Import necessary modules from the stylable webpack plugin

import {
  StylableWebpackPlugin,
  applyWebpackConfigStylableExcludes,
} from "@stylable/webpack-plugin";
import { StylableOptimizer } from "@stylable/optimizer";

// Initialize a single StylableOptimizer instance
const stylableOptimizer = new StylableOptimizer();

// Next.js configuration with TypeScript support for webpack function
const nextConfig = {
  reactStrictMode: true,
  swcMinify: true,
  transpilePackages: ["@actionishope/shelley"],
  webpack: (config, { isServer }) => {
    // Apply stylable configuration exclusions
    applyWebpackConfigStylableExcludes(config);
    // Add the Stylable plugin to the webpack configuration
    config.plugins.push(
      new StylableWebpackPlugin({
        stcConfig: true,

        // Let Next.js handle assets
        filterAssets: () => false,

        // Output CSS location
        filename: "static/css/stylable.[contenthash].css",

        // Use shared optimizer instance
        optimizer: stylableOptimizer,

        // Serve CSS as a bundled asset
        cssInjection: "css",

        // Attach CSS to all chunks
        experimentalAttachCssToContainingChunks: true,

        // Mute specific diagnostics
        unsafeMuteDiagnostics: { DUPLICATE_MODULE_NAMESPACE: true },
      })
    );

    // Add any additional plugins, like VeliteWebpackPlugin if needed
    // config.plugins.push();

    return config;
  },
};

// Export the configuration using ESM syntax
export default nextConfig;
```
